DBD::Unify --  an Unify interface for Perl 5 using DBI.

This is the Database Driver for the Unify family of database products.

It has been ported and tested on DataServer 6.3AB, but this does not
mean it might not work on U2000 databases.

It uses DBI 1.13 and perl5.00503, but will probably work with DBI 0.93
or higher and perl 5.004 or higher.

   Copyright (c) 1999,2000  H.Merijn Brand <h.m.brand@hccnet.nl>

   You may distribute under the terms of either the GNU General Public
   License or the Artistic License, as specified in the Perl README file.

See the CHANGES file for a complete history

This is a very basic port for Unify. At the moment of writing, this DBD
does not support all DBI elements, methods and attributes.

DATE, TIME, TEXT and BINARY fields are not (yet) supported, though it is
easy to change (code is supplied, but returns undef). Since we do not use
these types with our databases, it's up to you to supply patches.

BUILDING, TESTING AND INSTALLING:

    This will only work if DBI is installed on a recent version of perl ;-)

	   # perl Makefile.PL
	   # make test
	   # make install

    Make test will use the current database and create a table "xx". If
    the test fails, table xx might still exist. If it already exists,
    it might get lost, so be aware!

    I've encountered some problems using <varargs.h> on builds where perl
    decided to use <stdarg.h>. This is not automated yet, look at the AIX
    #ifdef's in the top section of dbdimp.ic if it turns into a problem.

    As with all modules: Patches are welcome.

RESTRICTIONS:

    # No documentation (yet)

    # Missing support for datatypes DATE, TIME, TEXT and BINARY in fetch
      and positional parameters

    # Most database attributes not (yet) implemented. (AutoCommit et all)

    # Statement attributes not (yet) implemented.

    # Row counts not (yet) implemented.

    # Unify only distributes static libraries, so the module might
      become rather big

TO DO:

    # Remove as many restrictions as possible ;-)
